FIX Don't use int width for mysql >= 8.0.17 #9453 (#9749)
silverstripe/silverstripe-framework: docs/en/00_Getting_Started/00_Server_Requirements.md

In MySQL versions >=5.7.5, the `ANSI` sql_mode setting behaves differently and includes the `ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY` setting. It is generally recommended to leave this setting as-is because it results in deterministic SQL. However, for some advanced cases, the sql_mode can be configured on the database connection via the configuration API (see `MySQLDatabase::$sql_mode` for more details.) This setting is only available in Silverstripe CMS 4.7 and later.

 ### MySQL/MariaDB Int width in schema

MySQL 8.0.17 stopped reporting the width attribute for integers while MariaDB did not change its behaviour.

> This results in constant rebuilding the schema when MySQLSchemaManager expects a field to look like i.e.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This results in constant rebuilding of the schema when MySQLSchemaManager expects a field to look like e.g.
```
